it is a good time to be a Nintendo fan
but the stronger focus on the wheat you
this e3 we can all finally see some of
the potential the latest console can
have so as a tribute I've mustered up
the top 10 Nintendo announcements at e3
2014 whats up guys its daz here be
really care roll the clips for number 10
we have the new games that mr. Miyamoto
himself has been focusing his attention
on project giant robot and project guard
both of which feature dual screen
functions to aid you in defending of
prison like structure or to fight giant
robots it's certainly something new and
may even encourage other developers
create Wii U games with innovative
gamepad ideas and if the antenna was
ever considering to get into the apt
market these types of games would be
absolutely perfect for number nine we
have the Xenoblade Chronicles X trailer
showing off a little bit more of the
plot of the game and the massive amazing
world will soon be immersed in it is
literally out of this world also potato
mash Tatsu than upon number eight we
have the new sonic boom trailer showing
off the wii u version rise of lyric and
3ds version shattered crystal from these
we can see a couple new bosses such as
the croc lyric inside a machine and a
mechanical spider boss fight you may
have noticed during one lyric battle
scene your other companions were stuck
to something them are unusable the free
yet trailer also showed more of the
characters such as the fit character
sticks who has a controllable boomerang
but did you also notice metal sonic in
the 3d trailer and is that shadow number
7 is a game we have not seen full game
playoff nor trailer but we know it's
coming and it's gonna be good Star Fox
for the wii u apparently nintendo heard
i'll cry the we're finally gonna see fox
mccloud in full high quality after all
these years ignoring his appearance in
smash bros speaking of all these years 6
on our list is the new pokemon trailer
for a mega ruby and alpha sapphire a
remastering of the ruby and sapphire
game from 2002 in japan and 2003
internationally the game won't be
updated to the more 3d aesthetic style
of pokemon X&Y we also get to see the
mega revolution forms of the starter
Pokemon and private way ogre and grout
on nostalgia is
bit of an understatement and hey we can
finally see the male trainer is wearing
a white hat and not having white hair
now it's time for a spin on an already
popular franchise number 5 Hyrule
warriors aka the dynasty Warriors
version of The Legend of Zelda this year
we saw a trailer of the game revealing
the playable availabilities of zelda who
can use our light arrows to peer through
a crowd and midna an opening who can
smash enemies with a massive twilight
ball in very dynasty Warriors style
there's also Emperor in a more aquatic
theme of attacks Ganondorf the hook shot
and the great fairy's while the dynasty
Warriors style may seem a bit more dirty
when looking at certain character
designs and poses a game that is
completely messy is number four splatoon
this game is a new cartoon shooter where
two teams of four players have the
objective of splattering the arena with
their color of ink the characters in the
game also have the ability to become a
squid to slide through ink of their own
color and slip from more grid-like
panels with this concept there are many
interesting strategies such as still be
hiding in your owning running forward or
squirt guns blazing or defending your
base and splattering everywhere my inner
six-year-old is certainly intrigued
stick into a more cartoon theme we have
at number 3 Yoshi's woolly world which
looks so adorable with a similar
experience to kirby's epic yarn Yoshi
and an optional second player get to
traverse a world created entirely out of
wall and contrary to Kirby's design the
wall in Yoshi's woolly world is all in
3d as opposed to a single thread of yarn
creating a more 2d effect the game also
seems to include new ideas such as
chicken replacements for eggs which give
you a line of cloud to walk on might
you're so adorable
number two has the predictable one the
new Zelda you we saw our first length of
the new zelda game for the wii u and it
was a real to have more inspiration of
the original Legend of Zelda as it will
feature a more massive connected world
we may even get to target temples in our
own order again much like link between
worlds the aesthetic desires still has
some cell shading but is still looks
interesting to me especially links new
design if I was to guess where abouts in
the timeline this game light I would say
just after Skyward Sword as it seems
more like we're discovering the whole of
Hyrule for the first time where it is
less influenced by civilization in the
form of massive cities but hey that's
just speculation the reason is only
number two is because not much was shown
so I was a little disappointed and
before we go to number one here are five
honorable mentions Mario Party 10
although is still crown and a stupid
vehicle the idea of playing as Bowser is
definitely interesting Bayonetta 2 I
honestly don't know what to say all I
know his ankle ganas it looks badass it
plays badass and it probably is badass
captain toad treasure tracker the
pacifist protagonist gets his own game
again seems like a great candidate for
the app market professor layton vs.
Phoenix Wright crossovers are always
good not much else to really say it is
mentioned honorably Kirby and the
rainbow curse yo she may be full of yarn
but Kirby has gone one step up and taken
a more clear design is it Yoshi's next
step later too and now its vibrant its
violent and it could be a total tire
it's super smash bros for the wii u and
3ds Eddie 3 we saw the introduction of
me and palutena as a playable character
as well as pac-man later in the day
on top of that we were also blessed with
a battle between Reggie fils-aime a and
Satoru Iwata we were also introduced to
the concept of amiibo where figurines
can be scanned by Nintendo devices and
used to aid you in game it's only an
innovative idea amoeba ah meebo me boo
boo me Bo moving on the greatest part of
e3 for Nintendo by far was the first
ever invitational super smash bros
tournament for me it easily stole the
show I don't think I've ever been more
hope for anything like this when you get
reactions like this from the crown who's
gonna get it people you got want to go
on
bad
to save the world
you know you're doing something damn
right money's been does you didn't
really care and I'll see you in a bit